Mithril update 2024-12-04 (#512)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-12-04-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-12-04-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database: they completed the computation of the message to sign, and started working on the creation and synchronization of the artifacts. Additionally, they kept working on the exploration of the solutions for signer registration in networks with multiple aggregators and on the cache for certificate verification in the WASM client.
> 
> Finally, the team implemented a retry mechanism in the e2e test in the CI to circumvent some flakiness, and they investigated how to record the origin of the requests made to the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database. They completed the computation of the message to sign and started working on creating and synchronizing the artifacts. The team also continued exploring solutions for signer registration in networks with multiple aggregators and progressed on developing a cache for certificate verification in the WASM client.

Finally, they implemented a retry mechanism in the end-to-end tests within the CI to address flakiness and investigated methods to track the origin of client requests.
```
